adding search attributes for python (#1360)
temporalio/documentation: docs/python/how-to-heartbeat-an-activity-in-python.md

> In order for an Activity to be notified of cancellation requests, you must invoke [`heartbeat()`](https://python.temporal.io/temporalio.activity.html#heartbeat).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For an Activity to be notified of cancellation requests, you must invoke [`heartbeat()`](https://python.temporal.io/temporalio.activity.html#heartbeat).
```

```python
@activity.defn
async def some_activity() -> str:
    activity.heartbeat("heartbeat details!")
```

> In addition to obtaining cancellation information, Heartbeats also support detail data that persists on the server for retrieval during Activity Retry. If an Activity calls `heartbeat(123, 456)` and then fails and is retried, `heartbeat_details` will return an iterable containing `123` and `456` on the next run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to obtaining cancellation information, Heartbeats also support detail data that persists on the server for retrieval during Activity Retry.
If an Activity calls `heartbeat(123, 456)` and then fails and is retried, `heartbeat_details` returns an iterable containing `123` and `456` on the next run.
```
